README.md, before:

# SMPlayer
A Simple Music Player that manages local music files based on the UI of Groove Music.

# Privacy Policy
This app will not collect any personal information. It only reads and manages music files on your computer.

This app also requires connection to the Internet to search lyrics upon users' request.

# TO RUN
Download it and open it using Visual Studio.

Build it with local computer.

Go to Settings and set the Root Folder of your music files.

# TO DO
Sort albums.

Scrolling lyrics.

Search result count. Albums count. Music library count.

Move up, move down.

Batch delete.

Move music from folder to folder.

Improve column spacing of AlbumPage.

Improve editing album art by selecting a song in a dropdown with searching.

Page shows no music hint.

Album properties.

Improve shy header.

Album art in NowPlayingFull.

# TO FIX
Able to drag titlebar when loading.

Dark thumb in the mini mode.

MultiSelectCommandBar is too high.

RecentPivot loses header after switching back.

# MIGHT DO
Improve path header display (like Windows).

Real-time update Playlist Info when new music added.

Save SearchKeyword instead of a string.

Mini mode media control fade in/out.

Allow MainSearchBar to have a search history dropdown.

SearchPage AddTo button for all search types.

Shuffle after one round of playing.

If a playlist contains this music collection, skip it in the MenuFlyout.

Disallow dialog closing when processing request.

Mini mode shuffle button like NowPlayingPage.

Grid Mode for PlaylistPage.

Refresh directory does not refresh page.

Commit message:

Improve SearchPage and Show Count

README.md, after:

# SMPlayer
A Simple Music Player that manages local music files based on the UI of Groove Music.

# Privacy Policy
This app will not collect any personal information. It only reads and manages music files on your computer.

This app also requires connection to the Internet to search lyrics upon users' request.

# TO RUN
Download it and open it using Visual Studio.

Build it with local computer.

Go to Settings and set the Root Folder of your music files.

# TO DO
Improve search algorithm.

Report bugs via email.

Scrolling lyrics.

Move music from folder to folder.

SearchPage AddTo button for all search types.

Improve editing album art by selecting a song in a dropdown with searching.

Batch delete.

Page shows no music hint.

Album properties.

Improve shy header.

Album art in NowPlayingFull.

# TO FIX
Able to drag titlebar when loading.

Dark thumb in the mini mode.

MultiSelectCommandBar is too high.

RecentPivot loses header after switching back.

# MIGHT DO
Improve path header display (like Windows).

Real-time update Playlist Info when new music added.

Save SearchKeyword instead of a string.

Mini mode media control fade in/out.

Allow MainSearchBar to have a search history dropdown.

Shuffle after one round of playing.

If a playlist contains this music collection, skip it in the MenuFlyout.

Disallow dialog closing when processing request.

Mini mode shuffle button like NowPlayingPage.

Grid Mode for PlaylistPage.

Refresh directory does not refresh page.

Search albums.
